>> Nina Zakharenko: What is a remote?
I've mentioned this word
a few times during class.
A remote is a git repository
that is stored somewhere else.
Could be on the web, on github, maybe
your company has a private git server.
Origin is the default name that git gives
to this server that you cloned from.
I'm sure you've seen origin lots of
times and had no idea what it meant.
So there you go.
When you clone a repository from a URL,
you're gonna fetch that whole repository
and make a local copy in your .git folder.
For these repositories you might
have different privileges.
For example, you can read,
write from your own repository, but
you can't just write to someone
else's repository without permission.
So, someone else's repository as
a remote is probably rude only for you.
Now, when we clone a repository,
let's say we have
Lisa's GitHub in her computer,
we make a copy called
a clone on the local machine.
And origin is the default name that git
gives to the server that you cloned from.
By default, any operations push pull fetch
they should they all work on origin.
Unless you have your setup
configured differently.
If we wanna see what remotes we have set
up it's easy you just do git remote-v.
That will show you in most repositories
that you just freshly cloned off the web.
You should just have an origin.
In this case it's pointing
to Lisa's version of
project A.
>> Nina Zakharenko: What if you clone
someone else's repository?
You guys all cloned my exercises,
advance git exercises repository,
right?
>> Nina Zakharenko: What does that mean?
Let's say Dan has a GitHub,
and he's hosting this project.
If Lisa clones it down to her local
computer, she can pull down changes but
she can't push them.
She doesn't have permission to do so.
She doesn't own the code.